----------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject line
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 672 W Emerson St - Seattle - Parcel#7443000855

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Body text of Message(s)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Good Afternoon, 

Today I went to 672 W Emerson St - Seattle - Parcel#7443000855.  This parcel currently has 3 houses currently being built on the parcel.  Attached is a picture I took facing east from the other side of 8th Ave W.

I labeled the picture with a few things.  As of now the 3 buildings don’t appear to have their own addresses, so I just used the 672 address and assigned them unit letters.  

I ran inspections from inside both Unit A and Unit B.  Unit C is still too early in the construction process and there was no access point for me to inspect from.  

I inspected first from Unit B and pushed out in a lateral running north to the end of the current lateral on the north portion of the lateral.  I attached a picture of that point, where I could see my camera head.

I then inspected from Unit A to a wye where it ties in to the lateral coming from Unit B.  

From everything I can see we can consider this parcel clear as an adjacent parcel for the gas at 668 W Emerson St.  

Eventually these 3 buildings will have gas installed and we will be going back to them, but gas has not been installed yet.

 

Let me know if you have any questions about this parcel.

 

Thank you. 

 

David Rucker

Push Crew

 



502.500.1399 | 6500 Ursula Pl | Seattle, WA 98108

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  david.rucker@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:david.rucker@hydromaxusa.com> 

 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

