----------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject line
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 parcel 54658000010

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Body text of Message(s)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

@ 88FT FROM DSMH F3047  RAN 3 O CLOCK TAP LEADING BETWEEN THESE TWO PARCELS. @ 26 FT THERE WAS A WYE RIGHT THAT I WAS UNABLE TO ACCESS DUE TO ANGULARITY, BUT I DID NOTICE IT IS ALSO FILLED WITH ROOTS. THE SRAIGHT PORTION CAPPED AT 29.6FT. MY FIRST RUN AT THIS LINE MY VIDEO DID NOT TAKE BUT MY PLOT POINTS DID SO I RERAN LINE FOR VIDEO.

5465800010 16751 meridian Ave n, shoreline

5465800005 1925 n 170th St ,shoreline

 

ORIGINALLY IN MAINLINE I PASSED A 9 OCLOCK TAP @ 45FT FROM DSMH F3047 THAT WAS NOT ON MAPPING HOWEVER AFTER COMPLETEING LINE I REALIZED IT MIGHT LEAD TO THESE TWO PARTCELS SO I RAN IT.AT 65FT INTO TAP THERE IS WYE RIGHT LEADING TO 16986. @ 70.3FT A WYE LEFT LEADING TO 16998. I RAN MAIN TAP AND WYES. IN THE MAIN TAP I RAN INTO OBSTACLE AT 72.0FT WHICH WAS BIG ROCKS. IN THE WYE LEFT I LOST CABLE TENSION ABOUT 10 FT FROM FOUNDATION ON OPPOSITE SIDE OF PARCEL AS GAS AT 58.6FT. THESE DISTANCES WERE MEASURED OUT BECAUSE MY ENCODER STOPPED WORKING. IN THEWYE RIGHT I LOST CABLE TENSION @ 48.6FT. 

5727500003 16998 meridian Ave n, shoreline

5727500006 16986 meridian Ave n, shoreline

 

TAP AT 45FT FROM DSMH STRAIGHT PORTION MIGHT POSSIBLY GO TO 16990, HOWEVER DUE TO OBSTACLE I CANT CONFIRM THAT.

ALSO I SPOKE WITH CHRIS FROM PROX ABOUT TRYING TO CONFIRM ROOTS AT PARCEL 5465800020 16739 MERIDIAN AVE N HOWEVER THIS MAINLINE WAS SO DIRTY WHEN I PULLED BACK I BROUGHT A BUNCH OF STUFF BACK THAT I COULD NOT PASS TRYING TO RERUN THE MAINLINE WITHOUT CLEANING.

Chantelle Canfield

Data Collections Technician



206-639-0421 | 6500 Ursula Pl S | Seattle, WA

www.hydromaxusa.com  |  chantelle.canfield@hydomaxusa.co

 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

