----------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject line
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 07-15-2016 Push Notes 9371700085 00655000000400 7401700035 6190700211

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Body text of Message(s)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

16727 Linden Ave N, Shoreline

Parcel # : 9371700085

Lateral Segment : E3062_E3063

 

I inspected the crawl space to confirm that all sewer exits out the back of the house. No sewer exits out the gas side of the house. I can not 100% confirm all single sewer as a 2” line goes under ground about 4 feet South of the main stack visibly leaving foundation in the crawl space.

 

 

7020 165th Pl Sw, Edmonds

Parcel # : 00655000000400

Lateral Segment : 3-2B_3-2C

 

Verified In Crawl Space That All Sewer Exits Foundation Through Primary Lateral Via Flow Testing And Stacked/Grouped Plumbing. Unable to clean roots at current distance from cleanout. No other access points in the house would allow the cleaning machine to reach.

 

@ AML Tap – Depth: 7.7 – 0 – K4L

@ Roots – Depth: 6.0 – 19.3 – D9F – Appears to be a 12 Oclock Wye inside the roots @ this pipe change.

@ Wye Right – Depth: 1.9 – 53.2 – F6G – Flow Test Negative

@ Foundation – Depth: 1.8 – 55.7 – U7B

@ ACOH In Basement Next To Toilet – K3U

 

 

542 N 172nd St, Shoreline

Parcel # : 7401700035

Lateral Segment : E3026_E3027

 

This parcel is already complete. I called Kentucky and Dispatch to confirm this. I spoke with the resident to let her know.

 

17509 Fremont Ave N, Shoreline

Parcel # : 6190700211

Lateral Segment : E4026_E4027

 

Visually Verified In Basement That All Sewer Exits Foundation Through Primary Lateral. I pulled the toilet and pushed to @ Hole in pipe @ Bend Out Of Foundation. 

 

@ Hole in pipe @ Bend Out Of Foundation – Depth: 6.8 – 0 – W3F

@ Toilet Pull – M9N

 

 

 

 

 

Thank you,

 

Jason Clower,

Push Crew

 



812.708.0266 | 6500 Ursula Pl. S. | Seattle, WA 98108

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com> 

 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

