----------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject line
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 00675200002800 Bothell

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Body text of Message(s)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

2210 171st Pl Se, Bothell 

Parcel # : 00675200002800

Lateral Segment : 469-91_419-9

 

All the plumbing is stacked/grouped together. We pushed from the Cleanout in the Basement Daycare Room to the AML Tap. There are 2 separate access hatches here. In the other hatch is a smaller 2” line with a cleanout as well. We located gas for 2218. The Sewer travels out the South Side of the house, and runs through the back yards East to 23rd Ave Se. We did not take GPS Points of the Wyes that we were unable to locate in the fenced back yards of the neighbors. I took some pictures. I believe the object in the pipe is in or near the green patch towards the sidewalk. I was not able to fully extend my arm over the fence enough to get on top of the object.

 

@ Max Cable – Depth: 9.5 – 0 – N0L

@ Object In Pipe – Depth: Unknown – 11.5 – B9M – No Access

@ Wye Right – Depth: Uknown – 16.6 – N2Q – No Access

@ Under Water – Depth: Unknown – 91.5 – L5P – No Access

@ Wye Right – Depth: Uknown – 96.4 – Y9T – No Access

@ 12 OClock Wye – Depth: 5.8 – 135.8 – R5A

@ Bend – Depth: 4.0 – 188.5 – V6G

@ 12 OClock Wye @ Foundation – Depth: 3.9 – 193.4 – R2E

@ ACOH In Basement Daycare Room – Z2G

 

 

Thank you,

 

Jason Clower,

Push Crew

 



812.708.0266 | 6500 Ursula Pl. S. | Seattle, WA 98108

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com> 

 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

