----------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject line
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 RE: 53033_7946300035_00

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Body text of Message(s)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Agreed, have DA’s send it to Prox. Somebody needs to visit this one. Stranger stuff has happened. Just when you think ya got it right…

 

Jay Johnson

Field Manager/Proximity Coordinator

 



206.305.3313 | 6500 Ursula Pl S | Seattle, WA 98108

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  jay.johnson@hydromaxusa.com

 

From: Corrmick Moran [mailto:corrmick.moran@hydromaxusa.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, June 22, 2016 4:16 PM
To: 'Damian Wojcik' <damian.wojcik@hydromaxusa.com>; pseproximity@hydromaxusa.com
Subject: RE: 53033_7946300035_00

 

Sure, looks pretty cut and dry from GPS. Can you have DA move to proximity?

 

Corrmick Moran

 

6500 Ursula Pl • Seattle, WA 98108 • 206-305-3352

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>  | corrmick.moran@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:corrmick.moran@hydromaxusa.com> 

 

From: Damian Wojcik [mailto:damian.wojcik@hydromaxusa.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, June 22, 2016 4:10 PM
To: pseproximity@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:pseproximity@hydromaxusa.com> 
Subject: 53033_7946300035_00

 

Hi Guys,

 

Can somebody please check this one out?

Jason could carry the inspection because he was recovering and he would need to carry equipment few stories down. Based on the terrain,  he says that the North side goes 3 stories high and plumbing exits south – downhill. Plumbing visible outside the house attached to the wall.

Thank you,

 

Best Regards,

 

Damian Wojcik

Assistant Field Operations Manager



812.470.5432 | 6500 Ursula Pl S | Seattle, WA

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  damian.wojcik@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:damian.wojcik@hydromaxusa.com> 

 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

