----------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject line
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 53033_9430500110_00

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Body text of Message(s)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Very messy parcel with 11 work orders. Joe Wood pushed and confirmed single sewer exit for everything below 9625.

I found Michael’s notes sent to DA’s on 2/22/16 Form needs to be updated.

From what I understand, we need to make a contact with Steve Preston (see notes below, phone number and contact not updated in the form) to inspect the most northerly building since gas wraps around that end. That would be the unit 9625, dispatch would need to confirm that with Steve. 

I believe this could clear this parcel and all 11 work orders. Just my point of view.

We need to update DA form and schedule appointment.

 

 

Michael’s notes 2/22/16:

“#53033_9430500110_00 

Multiple addresses on 153rd Ave NE, Redmond. There are two corporate buildings with multiple addresses instead of suite numbers. The first building, located on the northern half of the parcel, includes the addresses 9575-9625, 9585, 9577, 9571, 9567 for inspection. It is maintained by Steve Preston, Nutraceutix Fermentation Manager. The office is located in the same building at 9609. His phone number is 425-883-9518 ext. 324. His email is spreston@nutraceutix.com <mailto:spreston@nutraceutix.com> .

The second building, located on the southern half of the parcel, contains the addresses 15254, 15250, 15236, 15230, and 15224 for inspection. It is managed by Eric Kennedy. He owns both buildings on the parcel and is a viable contact for both, but Steve Preston is also a good contact for the northern building. Eric Kennedy's phone number is 425-644-0500. Called Kentucky and spoke with Tim because we were unable to locate some of the addresses in the Nutraceutix building. He made a note of it due to the entire building belonging to a single company. The addresses that we located were 9585 and 9577. The addresses that he noted as an error were 9575-9625, 9571, and 9567. “

 

 

Best Regards,

 

Damian Wojcik

Assistant Field Operations Manager



812.470.5432 | 6500 Ursula Pl S | Seattle, WA

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  damian.wojcik@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:damian.wojcik@hydromaxusa.com> 

 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

