----------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject line
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 00568300001100 Edmonds

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Body text of Message(s)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

1143 C Ave S, Edmonds

Parcel #: 00568300001100

Lateral Segment: JasClo-350_JasClo-351

Lateral Length: 32.7

 

We were called her due to a cross bore found by the City Of Edmonds. Most of the time spent when I first arrived, was trying to figure out if I had the right address since this was all the information that I had. The resident of this address had no idea that we were coming and did not know what was going on. There was no response from the City Of Edmonds contact when I attempted to call him. GFR Did not meet me on site, nor did they come out after I called to confirm that there is an unknown cross bore type the same spot as gas and also at the same depth. The cross bore is in the storm main. At the end of the neighboring driveway is a manhole labeled sewer, but it is in fact a storm mainline.

Pictures taken.

 

GFR Name: Bill Carpentier

GFR Number: 206-396-9354

GFR Claim #:  11270061

Time Received Call: 09:59

Arrival Time: 10:20

Time Called In Cross Bore: 11:47

Time GFR Dismissed You From Site: 11:47

Departure Time: 13:02

Arrived at Next Site: 13:21

 

@ Cross Bore Unknown Type – Depth: 5.5 – 0 – D8M

@ Manhole – D2Z

 

 

Thank you,

 

Jason Clower,

Push Crew

 



812.708.0266 | 6500 Ursula Pl. S. | Seattle, WA 98108

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com> 

 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

