----------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject line
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 07-14-2016 Push Notes 6400700389 1233100334 6400700391 1233100170 3982703095

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Body text of Message(s)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

12028 Ne 70th St

Parcel # : 6400700389

Lateral Segment : SMH-2654_SMH-2643

 

This parcel is on a grinder pump system. I could not find a cleanout. I looked in the crawl space and saw all sewer exits foundation through the primary lateral. The resident told me that he had to leave soon around 9am. I flushed a sonde hoping to see the sewer flowing through the 3 car garage and into the grinder pump. This was not the case. Sewer exit is approximately 4 feet behind gas.

 

 

 

 

8010 122nd Ave Ne, Kirkland

Parcel # : 1233100334

Lateral Segment : SMH-562_SMH-2679

 

Visually Verified In Crawl Space That All Sewer Exits Foundation Through Primary Lateral. We pushed from the crawl space to the sub main.

Assisted by DanSim

@ Sub Main – Depth: 6.3 – 0 – R7C

@ 12 OClock Wye – Depth: 6.9 – 16.7 – E9P – Minor Interference

@ Wye Right – Depth: 4.0 – 31.1 – F2Q

@ Foundation – Depth: 3.9 – 35.6 – F6C

@ ACOH In Crawl Space – X1W

 

 

12026 Ne 70th St, Kirkland

Parcel # : 6400700391

Lateral Segment : SMH-2654_SMH-2643

 

Visually Verified In Crawl Space That All Sewer Exits Foundation Through Primary Lateral. I flushed a sonde to the grinder pump. The sewer travels through the house and exits on the opposite side of gas towards the grinder pump. 

 

 

11920 Ne 80th St, Kirkland

Parcel # : 1233100170

Lateral Segment : JasClo-280_JasClo-281

 

I pushed from Stub In Basement to the Back Flow Preventer @ Foundation.

Assisted by DanSim

@ Backflow Preventer in Basement – Depth: 5.0 – 0 – X2A

@ Stub In Basement – N8Y

648 12th Ave, Kirkland

Parcel # : 3982703095

Lateral Segment : 111954_112256

 

I pulled the toilet and pushed to Offset @ Curb – Start of Gas Main Road Patch. Slab Foudation, but I pushed from the furthest back toilet that I could, and got the remainder in a row besides the kitchen. Per flow test of the kitchen : Verified That All Sewer Exits Foundation Through Primary Lateral.

 

@ Offset @ Curb – Start of Gas Main Road Patch – Depth: 7.5 – 0 – F1G

@ 12 OClock Wye – Depth: 4.0 – 24.5 – Q7D

@ 12 OClock Wye – Depth: 1.5 – 67.4 – X2G

@ Foundation – Depth: 1.2 – 73 – A7N

@ Toilet Pull – Q7Z

 

 

 

 

 

 

Thank you,

 

Jason Clower,

Push Crew

 



812.708.0266 | 6500 Ursula Pl. S. | Seattle, WA 98108

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com> 

 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

