----------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject line
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 28040200200800 Everett

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Body text of Message(s)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

5700 23rd Dr W, Everett

Parcel # : 28040200200800

Video 1 Lateral Segment : SMH2332_SMH3499

Video 2 Lateral Segment : SMH3499_SMH0284F03

Video 3 Lateral Segment : SMH0284F02_SMH0284F03

 

This is a very large school/church. We will most likely have to have Main Line run in this area as well. I already contacted DusGrif to give him a heads up. All the toilets here are tankless. If/When Mainline comes out due to this being a school, it was requested that we please call our contact here for notice as soon as a plan is worked out: Patrick Hart – 425-273-4182 . 

School Starts again by September 07. Must complete parcel before then, or only access scheduled access will be granted during the weekend.

 

Video 1 : SMH2332_SMH3499

This is for the building “C”. This building is the Northern most building closest to the retaining pond. The foundation for this building is a full basement. We pushed from the Directional ACOP Greater Than 1’ From The Foundation to the AML Tap. This lateral runs directly into the manhole in the concrete patio near the retaining pond. All the ACOHs in this building are directly into the wall and can not be used while the building is occupied by children.

 

@ AML Tap – Depth: 14.1 – 0 – V9T

@ ACOP Greater Than 1’ From Foundation – P3F

 

Video 2 : SMH3499_SMH0284F03

 

This is for Building “B”. This is the middle building just before basketball court. We pushed from the ACOP Greater Than 1’ From Foundation to the AML Tap. The ACOP Greater Than 1’ From Foundation is on the North Side of the building in the Sidewalk near the Fire Lane portion of the Yellow Curb. This lateral runs directly into a camouflaged manhole between the Compact Parking spots directly across from the ACOP. 

 

@ AML Tap – Depth: 7.5 – 0 – X5C

@ Wye Right – Depth: 6.7 – 25.5 – M6Q – Positive Flow Test. This Wye Leads To The West Towards The Lunch Room.

@ ACOP Greater Than 1’ From Foundation – Y6K

 

Video 3 : SMH0284F02_SMH0284F03

 

This video is for Building “A”. We pushed from the ACOH inside the Janitor’s Closet to Out Of Cable Inside The Foundation Of Building “B”.

 

@ Out Of Cable Inside The Foundation Of Building “B” – Depth: Unknown – 0 – M2A – Unable to get accurate depth under stair case.

@ @ 12 OClock Wye Just Ouside Of Foundation To Building "B" – Depth 8.9 – 35.2 – A1H

@ Foundation Of Building “A” – Depth: 6.0 – 90.8 – D4N

@ ACOH In Janitor’s Closet – H7X

 

 

Thank you,

 

Jason Clower,

Push Crew

 



812.708.0266 | 6500 Ursula Pl. S. | Seattle, WA 98108

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com> 

 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

