----------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject line
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 RE: 53033_6163901910_00

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Body text of Message(s)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Hey Damian,

Looks like this one would be ok to clear. Its had a Prox assignment point on it since 4/13 but it doesn’t appear that anyone has gotten to it yet. I checked my inbox to see the photos but I don’t see the email from DanSim. I believe him though. All the wyes head away from the associated risk. DanSim also has a note that the uninspected portion of the wye L at the foundation could lead to a downspout. That would be the only reason that we would need to make a site visit.  The fact that he took photos for the stack though gives me confidence in calling it clear.  Anyone else have any thoughts?

 

Jay Johnson

Field Manager/Proximity Coordinator

 



206.305.3313 | 6500 Ursula Pl S | Seattle, WA 98108

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  jay.johnson@hydromaxusa.com

 

From: Damian Wojcik [mailto:damian.wojcik@hydromaxusa.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, May 24, 2016 12:32 PM
To: pseproximity@hydromaxusa.com
Cc: pse-da@hydromaxusa.com
Subject: 53033_6163901910_00

 

This is another one that stuck in limbo.

 

Daniel Simms pushed from crawlspace, confirmed single sewer exit, took pictures and sent to pseproximity@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:pseproximity@hydromaxusa.com>  

 

 

Best Regards,

 

Damian Wojcik

Assistant Field Operations Manager



812.470.5432 | 6500 Ursula Pl S | Seattle, WA

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  damian.wojcik@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:damian.wojcik@hydromaxusa.com> 

 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

