----------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject line
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 RE: Next steps for parcel #9280000080

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Body text of Message(s)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Thanks, Brandon.

 

Chris Blohm

Pipeline Data Analyst

 



502-795-3433| 11492 Bluegrass Parkway, Suite 106 | Louisville, KY 40299

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  chris.blohm@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:chris.blohm@hydromaxusa.com> 

 

From: Brandon Ackerman [mailto:brandon.ackerman@hydromaxusa.com] 
Sent: Friday, May 20, 2016 6:17 PM
To: pse-da@hydromaxusa.com
Cc: pseproximity@hydromaxusa.com
Subject: Next steps for parcel #9280000080

 

Hey All,

 

Rolled up to this parcel (1708 Academy St)  and something seemed strange about how the ML segments ran. The segment I wanted did not connect to the downstream manhole, instead curved up and away down Bonney Ave. After looking around, I found a MH on Meeker Ave that runs down the alley behind the house I was attempting to inspect. The line is 6” concrete, and services the houses on the right side of Academy St. I also spoke with the homeowner and she confirmed that their sewer ran out the back into the alley. Gas for these parcels runs out the front, leaving zero risk for a potential crossbore. I recommend a proximity visit to confirm, but otherwise these can be easily cleared by DA approval. 

 

Happy Friday!

 

Brandon Ackerman

Mainline Operator

 



812.202.5242 | 6500 Ursula Pl S | Seattle, WA

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  brandon.ackerman@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:brandon.ackerman@hydromaxusa.com> 

 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

