----------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject line
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 6148700030 Seattle

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Body text of Message(s)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

8240 14th Ave Ne, Seattle

Parcel # : 6148700030

Lateral Segment : 005-328_005-329

 

We pulled the toilet in the basement to the back flow preventer for Video 1. For Video 2, we pulled the upstairs toilet and pushed to an impassible bend in roughly the same spot. There is a toilet in the garage on the East side of the parcel that we were not able to inspect due to time.

 

Video 1 : 

All Sewer In The Basement Flows Through The Back Flow Preventer Inside Foundation. This was one of the very large Totto Toilets. We had trouble getting the seal on correctly.

@ Backflow Preventer – Depth: Unknown – 0 – M3F – Unable to get an accurate locate due to furniture.

@ Toilet Pull – Z6E

 

Video 2 : 

We Pulled the upstairs toilet on the gas risk side of the house to Impassible Bend Inside Foundation. We took a GPS Point of exactly where this bend was. This is the only sewer on this side of the house. Everything else is on the opposite side of gas.

 

@ Impassible Bend Inside Foundation – Depth: Inside Wall – 0 – H2M

@ Toilet Pull – Q5V

 

 

Thank you,

 

Jason Clower,

Push Crew

 



812.708.0266 | 6500 Ursula Pl. S. | Seattle, WA 98108

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com> 

 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

