----------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject line
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 1926049280 Seattle

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Body text of Message(s)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

13027 Ashworth Ave N, Seattle

Parcel # : 1926049280

Lateral Segment : 219-300_219-299

 

Unable to confirm SSE. There are multiple buildings and units on this parcel. I pushed from the ACOP Greater Than 1’ From Foundation to Impassible Wye Right. I could not get my camera to bend the correct direction down the Wye. This appointment may need to be rescheduled for another crew to push from the ACOH in the basement bathroom. This bathroom is the closest sewer to gas. The other units that I was able to push all lead towards the South Side of the parcel away from gas. I believe that a push from this cleanout in the Basement Bathroom would be sufficient enough for proximity to clear the parcel. Please see the pictures. I located gas.

Pictures and Video Taken.

@ Impassible Wye – Depth: 2.5 – 0 – H5Q

@ Wye Left – Depth: 1.0 – 24 – Y9P

@ 12 OClock Wye – Depth: 0.8 – 31.7 – H0Z

@ Wye Left – Depth: 0.8 – 32.3 – W6Z

@ Wye Right – Depth: 0.8 – 32.3 – K6H

@ ACOP Greater Than 1’ From Foundation – A8P

 

 

 

Thank you,

 

Jason Clower,

Push Crew

 



812.708.0266 | 6500 Ursula Pl. S. | Seattle, WA 98108

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com> 

 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

