----------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject line
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 00513800010702 Edmonds

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Body text of Message(s)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

16212 48th Ave W, Edmonds
Units 1 – 10

Parcel #: 00513800010702

Lateral Segment: 510-67_510-68

 

Located gas for all units.

 

Unit 1

Unable to inspect due to being occupied. Need to schedule appointment.

 

Unit 2

Visually Verified In Crawl Space That All Sewer Exits Foundation Through Primary Lateral. Pushed from ACOH in the crawlspace to AML Tap. Located Gas.

@ AML Tap – Depth: 12.2 – S8F

@ Wye Left – Depth: 9.0 – 45.3 – W1W

@ Bend – Depth: 6.5 – 48.8 – M5Q

@ Wye Left – Depth: 4.5 – 57.5 – L7K

@ Wye Left – Depth: 3.9 – 75.2 – A3U

@ Wye Left – Depth: 4.9 – 85.2 – V7H

@ Foundation – Depth: 4.7 – 89.1 – Q7C

@ ACOH – Crawlspace – X5X

 

Unit 3

Unable to inspect due to being occupied. Need to schedule appointment.

 

Unit 4

Visually Verified In Crawl Space That All Sewer Exits Foundation Through Primary Lateral. Pushed from ACOH in the crawlspace to AML Tap. Located Gas.

@ AML Tap – Depth: 12.2 – P1R

@ 12 OClock Wye – Depth: 7.0 – 47.4 – E7P

@ Wye Right – Depth: 7.0 – 49.5 – W7S

@ 12 OClock Wye – Depth: 3.5 – 57.2 – U0V

@ Foundation – Depth: 4. 5 – 61.6 – C1K

@ ACOH In Crawlspace – U6J

 

Unit 5

Unable to inspect due to being occupied. Need to schedule appointment.

 

Unit 6

Visually Verified In Crawl Space That All Sewer Exits Foundation Through Primary Lateral. Pushed from ACOH in the crawlspace to AML Tap. Located Gas.

 

@ Wye Right W7S – Depth: 7.0 – 0 – N0S – W7S

@ Wye Right – Depth: 4.5 – 16.2 – R1E

@ Wye Right – Depth: 4.5 – 35.9 – B6D

@ Wye Right – Depth:  3.5 – 44.8 – U1U

@ Foundation – Depth: 4.8 – 49.5 – Z5J

@ ACOH In Crawlspace - W6S

 

Unit 7

Unable to inspect due to being occupied. Need to schedule appointment.

 

Unit 8

Unable to confirm SSE. Pushed from ACOP Less Than 1’ From Foundation to 12 OClock Wye A8N.

@ 12 OClock Wye A8N – Depth: 4.0 – 0 – R5D

@ Wye Left – Depth: 4.0 – 1.3 – A2Q

@ Wye Left – Depth: 4.0 – 2.2 – Q0T

@ Cleanout – Depth: 4.0 – 3.5 – Z0P

@ Wye Left – Depth: 1.5 – 19.5 – L6P

@ ACOP Less Than 1’ From Foundation – K8Z

 

Unit 9

Unable to confirm SSE. Pushed from ACOP Less than 1’ From Foundation to 12 OClock Wye A8N.

@ 12 OClock Wye A8N – Depth: 4.0 – 0 – D4N – A8N

@ Wye Left – Depth: 3.8 – 2.3 –K9C

@ Wye Right – Depth: 1.5 – 18.7 – G5F

@ ACOP Less Than 1’ From Foundation – Y7N

 

Unit 10

Unable to confirm SSE. Pushed from ACOP Less Than 1’ From Foundation to AML Tap. 

@ AML Tap – Depth: 14.0 – 0 – N3A

@ 12 OClock Wye – Depth: 13.0 – 40.4 – Z7D

@ 12 OClock Wye – Depth: 4.5 – 96.0 – V1A

@ 12 OClock Wye – Depth: 3.8 – 114.4 – A8N

@ Bend – Depth: 1.8 – 144.5 – T8E

@ Wye Right – Depth: 1.4 – 148.8 – J5K

@ ACOP Less Than 1’ From Foundation – L6J

 

 

 

Thank you,

 

Jason Clower,

Push Crew

 



812.708.0266 | 6500 Ursula Pl. S. | Seattle, WA 98108

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com> 

 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

