----------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject line
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 07-16-2016 Push Notes 7972602490 3438501060 7712600115

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Body text of Message(s)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

                8443 12th Ave Sw, Seattle

Parcel # : 7972602490

Lateral Segment : 077-075_077-074

 

Visually Verified In Crawl Space That All Sewer Exits Foundation Through Primary Lateral. I pushed from the ACOP Less Than 1’ From The Foundation to the AML Tap. Had difficulty establishing contact when I first arrived due to a language barrier.

 

@ AML Tap – Depth: 9.2 – 0 – Y6U – Original AML Tap Locate was incorrect.

@ Wye Right – Depth: .7 – 33.6 – L0J

@ Cleanout – Depth: 2.6 – 38 – M1D

@ Wye Left – Depth: 2.5 – 39.2 – Z8C

@ Wye Left – Depth: 2.5 – 40.3 – W5D

@ 12 OClock Wye – Depth: 1.9 – 50.8 – K5R

@ ACOP Less Than 1’ From The Foundation – V4C

 

 

5966 21st Ave Sw, Seattle

Parcel # : 3438501060

Lateral Segment : 062-182_062-183

 

I pushed from the ACOH in the Basement to Lost Cable Tension. I located the gas service the best I could, but I had some difficulty finding the gas main. None of the D-4s in any of these parcels call out the correct address.

 

@ Lost Cable Tension – Depth: Unknown – 0 – Q3W – Unable to locate due to POD Storage container.

@ Wye Left – Depth: Unknown – 6 – P4S – Unable to locate due to POD Storage container.

@ Wye Right – Depth: 5.6 – 51.6 – R4R

@ 12 OClock Wye – Depth: 5.6 – 66.2 – K0S

 

@ Foundation – Depth: 5.0 – 70.8 – G5H

@ ACOH In Basement Laundry Room – W7D

 

 

3920 55th Ave Sw, Seattle

Parcel # : 7712600115

Lateral Segment : 053-171_053-172

 

I Flow Tested To Confirm That All Sewer Exits Foundation Through The Primary Lateral. I pulled the basement toilet and pushed to the AML Tap.

 

@ AML Tap – Depth: Unknown – 0 – H7L

@ 12 OClock Wye – Depth: 8.5 – 31.5 – Y5D

@ 12 OClock Wye – Depth: 2.4 – 63.6 – Z2F

@ Foundation – Depth: 1.8 – 74 – H9Y

@ Toilet Pull – L1Z

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Thank you,

 

Jason Clower,

Push Crew

 



812.708.0266 | 6500 Ursula Pl. S. | Seattle, WA 98108

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:Jason.Clower@hydromaxusa.com> 

 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

