----------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject line
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 RE: 53033_9828201345_00

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Body text of Message(s)
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Hey Damian,

I took a look at this one and I don’t see any that were cleared by us. I see my note asking for a Push from “B” and I see that Zach thinks it might be clear but sent it back for a DA review. This is in his work area and its been forever since I have been out there but he may have received something from the DA’s that I did not. Zach, your thoughts on this one? Sorry I cant be of more help

 

Jay Johnson

Field Manager/Proximity Coordinator

 



206.305.3313 | 6500 Ursula Pl S | Seattle, WA 98108

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  jay.johnson@hydromaxusa.com

 

From: Damian Wojcik [mailto:damian.wojcik@hydromaxusa.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, May 24, 2016 11:46 AM
To: pseproximity@hydromaxusa.com
Cc: pse-da@hydromaxusa.com
Subject: 53033_9828201345_00

 

Hey guys,

 

Can we get some help on this one? For some reason it is on Temp delay. I know, it is very ugly one.

Addresses:

-          1720 A

-          1726 A

-          1726 B

-          1720 B

-          1716 B

-          1718 B

 

All of them have a comment left by prox “GPS is unusable and there are no pins or marks anywhere. Push…) yet few of them were already cleared by prox and form not updated.

Is there anything that is holding us from clearing the entire parcel? 

 

Thank you,

 

Best Regards,

 

Damian Wojcik

Assistant Field Operations Manager



812.470.5432 | 6500 Ursula Pl S | Seattle, WA

www.hydromaxusa.com <http://www.hydromaxusa.com/>   |  damian.wojcik@hydromaxusa.com <mailto:damian.wojcik@hydromaxusa.com> 

 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

